output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 10C
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 11C
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 12C
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 13C
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 2explicitly
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 2requires
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 8C
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: 9C
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: activies
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: bitsof
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: enquiries
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: inFMT
output/operatingsystem-release-linkable.html: invocable
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 10C
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 11C
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 12C
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 13C
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 2explicitly
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 2requires
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 8C
output/operatingsystem-release.html: 9C
output/operatingsystem-release.html: activies
output/operatingsystem-release.html: bitsof
output/operatingsystem-release.html: enquiries
output/operatingsystem-release.html: inFMT
output/operatingsystem-release.html: invocable
output/operatingsystem.html: 10C
output/operatingsystem.html: 11C
output/operatingsystem.html: 12C
output/operatingsystem.html: 13C
output/operatingsystem.html: 2explicitly
output/operatingsystem.html: 2requires
output/operatingsystem.html: 8C
output/operatingsystem.html: 9C
output/operatingsystem.html: activies
output/operatingsystem.html: bitsof
output/operatingsystem.html: inFMT
output/operatingsystem.html: invocable
